Does the campus health center have a mission statement that pledges to understand trauma and engage in trauma-sensitive practice?
Does the campus health center provide on-going training in trauma-sensitive practice to all health center staff?
Does the campus health center integrate trauma-sensitive concepts, language, and training requirements to staff, including new hires?
Does the campus health center incorporate questions that screen for sexual assault in their intake questionnaire?
Does the campus health center have handouts available for students, including:
Does the campus health center articulate an organizational commitment of respect that specifically includes persons from other cultures and those associated with commonly marginalized groups, such as African Americans, Latinos, and LGBTQI individuals?
Does the campus provide victims options to seek treatment for injuries and other health services either on campus or at a local health care provider?
Does the campus provide victims options to seek preventative treatment for sexually transmitted diseases either on campus or at a local health care provider?
Does the campus provide victims options to seek emergency contraception either on campus or at a local health care provider?
Does the campus provide SANE examinations for victims?
If you answered no to the previous question, does the campus have a collaborative partnership with a local medical provider that can conduct a SANE examination?
If SANE examination is conducted off campus, is transportation for victims provided?
Does the campus provide information to students about the importance of preserving evidence as might be necessary to prove criminal sexual assault?
Does the campus health center have MOUs with off-campus agencies such as:
Does the campus offer advocacy services 24 hours/day to students for immediate response?
Does the campus provide victims with an advocate who can provide information about the legal system and accompany students to court appointments?
Does the campus provide victims with an advocate to accompany students to forensic exam and hospital appointments?
Does the campus provide sexual assault victims options for, and available assistance in changing academic, living, transportation, and working situations, if requested by the victim and if such accommodations are reasonably available, regardless of whether victims choose to report the crime to campus police or local law enforcement?
Does the campus identify faculty members who can provide ongoing support to the following student parties during the institutional disciplinary or criminal process:
